oh yes my name is sergio from here and I
I bring you another call of duty video
coast this time I will show you how
get more squat points and good as
you know what the four points are
essential for us for all this
the game because with the squadrons
we can unlock all the weapons that
we need or all the weapons that
we want we can also unlock
all the accessories that we need
we also need them to unlock
our secondary weapons our this
grenade launcher rocket launchers also
our temples our grenades
lethal we win the tactics
our perks obviously with him the
Persians this you need a certain level
to unlock it and also
you need squat points and this one also
we need squat points to
unlock all of our picks
all the kilos tics that we have this
we need squat wings to be able
unlock the
and good to the way we
We get square point is right now is
leveling up and every time you
level ups you get 2 square points and
good
that 's you that's this very slow for me
seem because there are more ways in which
we can get more squat
points and good then the first way
that we can get more squat points is
obvious is this easily is rising from
faster level then I'll have them
another video where I tell them how
level up faster but by
right now this we skip the
next point
let's move on to this thing called
operations operations and this is a
certain type of challenges that we
we can complete complete so that we
Give squat points and good every time you
complete is a squat point to forgiveness every
once you complete an operation or a
challenge they will give you a squat point and
good as you can see we have
five operations and this and if they complete
the five operations are going to give you more
squat points as you can see in
the right hand at the bottom there
something that says operations conclude and says
2 and then you get a sign of a squat
wayne and well that what it means is
that if you complete two operations of
these are going to give you an extra squat point
if you complete three squat darts
extra points and complete four go
to give three four extra ins and if
complete five you will get four squat
extra points
these operations change every two
weeks and if you get to complete
these operations before two
weeks you can
buy more operations for about four
days and get more squat pons
another way by which we can
get more squat points is completing
the little challenge of flowers as
you will know every time you
You find this briefcase by yourself when
you kill someone is going to give you a
small challenge that are called field
orders to the challenges are not so
difficult are easy to are something
seemed like this that says I have
that killing someone with has its head
I have to kill someone when this one
whether I am kneeling or kneeling as
tell me that this one is lying down has to
with chest to the ground that I killed someone
to this one behind or that kills someone
with my knife or something like that and
this is very easy the figures are very
easy and every time you complete a
they'll give you a squat they put like that
that a is 4 today is very valuable in this
game so I would recommend that you
you go
do these little challenges so that
you can get more squat pons and
well there is a challenge of the flowers that
not everyone knows how to do and this
challenge is that you have to humiliate your
enemy and good the way we're going to
humiliate our enemy is that you're going
to make a Tibet and if you do not know what is it
what is a tip is that when you kill
your enemy will go to his corpse and you
You'll crouch and stop constantly and
this is called a tea bag is a certain
kind of humiliation and if you do that
how are you going to see right now and you're
to say or the game is going to tell you that you have
completed the flowers and they will give you
this the squat point
and good for the last tip of how
get more squat points to what
you have to do is play the mode
game of squats so with it and in the mode
of squats game and good this in
I do not really have it confirmed
that I have not played much squats I have not
played the game mode of squats a lot
and this this information only me the
have happened like this is that this will have to
but confirm what my sources
they tell me is that if you play more this is the
game mode of squats you get more
squat points that if you play the modes
regular collector and coast and good
guys in the remember that to get
more squat points we're going to have to go up
of the fastest level we're going to have to
complete operations or small
challenges and we also have to also
we have to complete the figures that
are those little challenges of the briefcase
blue and play squat points and good yo
I think that has been
or for today I hope you liked the
video so you liked the video by
please let them subscribe if not yet
they have done it and this on the right side they go
to see the 'boxing day' the prestige
edition or prestige color edition
and coast if you have not seen that video
I advise you to go and see it and also
on the left side they will see the east a
little video that I quickly made of
how to unlock extension mode if
This is if we have unlocked it
when you first you get this to the
game that mode is such is blocked like that
is that this one to unlock it we're going to
have to take a few small steps like that
is that if you have not seen any of these
videos I advise you to see it to me
name is south of here thanks for
watch my video and see you in the
next video
Y
i